= Autotest [Gnu] Screen

* Author:     David J. Hamilton
* Homepage:   http://github.com/hjdivad/autotest-screen
* Issues:     http://github.com/hjdivad/autotest-screen/issues

Conceptually very similar to
autotest-growl<http://github.com/svoop/autotest-growl>, but notify the user via
the caption of the parent screen process.


= Requirements

* autotest >= 4.2.4


= Installation

Install the gem
  
  gem install autotest-screen

and add the following to ~/.autotest

  require 'autotest/screen'


= Usage

Autotest-screen only works when autotest is invoked from a descendent process of
gnu screen.  The right pid is searched for via /proc.


= Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


= Notes of Thanks

This project is baesd on Sven Schwyn's excellent autotest-growl.


= Alternatives

* autotest-growl

  http://github.com/svoop/autotest-growl

* autotest_screen

  http://rubyforge.org/projects/autotest-screen

  Yoshiyuki MIKAMI is the author of the autotest_screen gem which has a similar
  purpose to autotest-screen.  I haven't tried it, but it's much older than
  autotest-screen: if you have trouble with my gem, you may find more luck with
  Yoshiyuki's.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 David J. Hamilton. See LICENSE for details.
